Command Line Arguments in C#
  Command Line Arguments in C#:
    We know that we can pass parameters to a function as an argument but what about the Main(string[] args) method? Can we pass parameters to the Main() method in C#?
    Yes, we can pass parameters to the Main() method and this is possible through Command Line Arguments in C#. The arguments which are passed by the user or programmer
    to the Main() method are termed as Command-Line Arguments in C#.
    The Main() method is the starting point from where the program execution starts. The most important point that you need to remember is that the main method doesn’t
    accept any parameter from any method. It only accepts parameters through the Command-Line. If you notice the Main method signature, it has a string array type parameter
    that can accept n number of parameters at runtime. In Main(string[] args), args is a string type of array that can hold numerous parameters.

  Important Points:
    1) Command Line Arguments are captured into the string array i.e. args parameter of the Main method.
    2) In General, the Command Line Arguments are used to specify configuration information while launching your application.
    3) Information is passed as strings.
    4) There is no restriction on the number of command line arguments. You can pass 0 or n number of command line arguments.

  Passing Numeric Command Line Arguments in C#
    In C#, Command Line Arguments are always stored as strings and always separated by spaces. The Main() method of every C# application can only accept string arguments.
    If an application needs to support a numeric command-line argument, then what do you need to do? You need to pass the numeric number as a string and in your application,
    it is your responsibility to convert that string to numeric. And, hence it is possible to pass numeric arguments through the command line. However, we can later convert
    string arguments into numeric values.

  